docs: Improve behavior documentation of metricpass (#13883)
influxdata/telegraf: docs/CONFIGURATION.md

are provided in the [language definition][CEL lang] as well as in the
[extension documentation][CEL ext].

> **Caution** - Errorhandling: Sometimes an expression can be compiled
> but failes at runtime. One example for this is to try to read a non
> existing field. If this happens, the evaluation is aborted, an error
> is logged and the expression is reported to be `true`, so the metric
> passes.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Expressions that may be valid and compile, but fail at runtime will
result in the expression reporting as `true`. The metrics will pass through
as a result. An example is when reading a non-existing field. If this happens,
the evaluation is aborted, an error is logged, and the expression is reported as
`true`, so the metric passes.

```
